**********************************
PHP-NUKE INTEGRATION FOR FLASHCHAT
**********************************
This file describes the steps required to integrate FlashChat into a PHP-Nuke environment. The normal installation procedure, as described in the FlashChat readme.txt file, does NOT apply in this case.
YOU MUST FOLLOW THESE STEPS PRECISELY!
STEP 1:
Rename the "chat" folder that comes with the FlashChat distribution to "FlashChat". If this folder is already named "FlashChat" then you may skip this step.
STEP 2:
Delete the "index.php" file, and then rename the "index_phpnuke.php" file to "index.php".
STEP 3:
Open the "common.php" file located in the "inc" directory of your FlashChat distribution. You should be able to use any plain-text editor, like TextPad (www.textpad.com) or Windows Notepad. Find the group of PHP commands that relate to CMS integration. They will have the "cmses/" label in them:
//include_once(INC_DIR . 'cmses/defaultCMS.php');
//include_once(INC_DIR . 'cmses/statelessCMS.php');
include_once(INC_DIR . 'cmses/phpNukeCMS.php');
//include_once(INC_DIR . 'cmses/postNukeCMS.php');
... etc...
As shown above, you must put double-slashes before ALL CMSES except for the "phpNukeCMS" line. This will deactivate all other CMS support except for PHP-Nuke. Double-slashes are how programmers "comment-out" a line, thus deactivating it.
Thus, ONLY this line will NOT be commented:
include_once(INC_DIR . 'cmses/phpNukeCMS.php');
STEP 4:
Upload all files in the FlashChat folder to your "modules" directory in PHP-Nuke. Thus, the directory structure for PHP-Nuke should look something like this:
/{path to PHP-Nuke}/modules/FlashChat/index.php (formerly index_phpnuke.php)
/{path to PHP-Nuke}/modules/FlashChat/inc (folder)
/{path to PHP-Nuke}/modules/FlashChat/images (folder)
etc.
STEP 5:
Using your web browser, open the install.php file, located at:
http://www.yourserver.com/{path to PHP-Nuke}/modules/FlashChat/install.php
This file will use the MySQL options that your current PHP-Nuke installation uses, and it will create the necessary table structures in MySQL using the same table prefix that PHP-Nuke uses. If FlashChat is able to read your current PHP-Nuke settings correctly, then this form should be auto-populated for you. Do NOT change anything in this form - accept all the default values.
STEP 6:
You must now add the FlashChat module to your system, using the PHP-Nuke "modules" panel. The module must be 'activated' before it can be used. Please refer to your PHP-Nuke documentation if you are unsure of how to do this.
STEP 7:
Login to PHP-Nuke as a normal user or as a moderator, click on the FlashChat module link, and start chatting!
If you notice any errors in these steps, or have any suggestions for improvement, please post a message on the TUFaT.com support forum, located at http://www.tufat.com
Thank you for using FlashChat!
(c) 1999-2004 Darren G. Gates